Oh, daughter!
Dad has no money to spend recently
You give dad a 5 million let dad spend flowers
Who's your daughter?
Why are you done with you?
You turned your back on me so soon, if you don't give me money
I'm going to tell Jilin Media Kid
Who is my real biological daughter?
You threaten me?
Humph
Hello
Anyway, I don't know about it.
Before tonight I couldn't see I was beyond 5 million
I'll know tomorrow. I'll tell the kid.
I can give you the money 1 million
You can go to your biological daughter and ask for the rest.
He is now supporting you in front of the daughter
Okay, you call me first 1 million
I'll go find him for the rest.
What's up?
You Zhang Yi Ge
That man Wang Zhenguo
He asked me for money
Opening your mouth is 5 million
Why did I have to have such a father?
Leave this to me, don't worry.
This is my unlimited black card
It's about instantaneous.
I owe you a lot.
These are my compensation.
Marriage thing
I know.
Brother Glacier, as long as I can be by your side, I am content
I can wait for the wedding
I will never let you be happy with the dormitory